This software is licensed under the GNU General Public License version
3. The complete terms of the GNU General Public License version 3 can
be found at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html, or by contacting
the authors of this software.

This copyright notice complies with 17 U.S.C. 401 and 402.
§ 401. Notice of copyright: Visually perceptible copies
  (a) General Provisions. — Whenever a work protected under this title
is published in the United States or elsewhere by authority of the
copyright owner, a notice of copyright as provided by this section may
be placed on publicly distributed copies from which the work can be
visually perceived, either directly or with the aid of a machine or
device.
  (b) Form of Notice. — If a notice appears on the copies, it shall
consist of the following three elements:
    (1) the symbol © (the letter C in a circle), or the word
“Copyright”, or the abbreviation “Copr.”; and
    (2) the year of first publication of the work; in the case of
compilations or derivative works incorporating previously published
material, the year date of first publication of the compilation or
derivative work is sufficient. The year date may be omitted where a
pictorial, graphic, or sculptural work, with accompanying text matter,
if any, is reproduced in or on greeting cards, postcards, stationery,
jewelry, dolls, toys, or any useful articles; and
    (3) the name of the owner of copyright in the work, or an
abbreviation by which the name can be recognized, or a generally known
alternative designation of the owner.
  (c) Position of Notice. — The notice shall be affixed to the copies
in such manner and location as to give reasonable notice of the claim
of copyright. The Register of Copyrights shall prescribe by
regulation, as examples, specific methods of affixation and positions
of the notice on various types of works that will satisfy this
requirement, but these specifications shall not be considered
exhaustive.
  (d) Evidentiary Weight of Notice. — If a notice of copyright in the
form and position specified by this section appears on the published
copy or copies to which a defendant in a copyright infringement suit
had access, then no weight shall be given to such a defendant's
interposition of a defense based on innocent infringement in
mitigation of actual or statutory damages, except as provided in the
last sentence of section 504(c)(2).
§ 402. Notice of copyright: Phonorecords of sound recordings
  (a) General Provisions. — Whenever a sound recording protected under
this title is published in the United States or elsewhere by authority
of the copyright owner, a notice of copyright as provided by this
section may be placed on publicly distributed phonorecords of the
sound recording.
  (b) Form of Notice. — If a notice appears on the phonorecords, it
shall consist of the following three elements:
    (1) the symbol (the letter P in a circle); and
    (2) the year of first publication of the sound recording; and
    (3) the name of the owner of copyright in the sound recording, or
an abbreviation by which the name can be recognized, or a generally
known alternative designation of the owner; if the producer of the
sound recording is named on the phonorecord labels or containers, and
if no other name appears in conjunction with the notice, the
producer's name shall be considered a part of the notice.
  (c) Position of Notice. — The notice shall be placed on the surface
of the phonorecord, or on the phonorecord label or container, in such
manner and location as to give reasonable notice of the claim of
copyright.
  (d) Evidentiary Weight of Notice. — If a notice of copyright in the
form and position specified by this section appears on the published
phonorecord or phonorecords to which a defendant in a copyright
infringement suit had access, then no weight shall be given to such a
defendant's interposition of a defense based on innocent infringement
in mitigation of actual or statutory damages, except as provided in
the last sentence of section 504(c)(2).

The authors of this software acknowledge that it was developed with
the support of the Department of Energy Small Business Innovative
Research Grant titled Performance Optimization and Porting Tools for
Energy-Efficient High Performance Computing Architectures
(DE-SC0009497).
